hello and welcome to easy gluten free
today we're doing Fried Chicken
but not just any fried chicken today
we're doing a crispy delicious KFC
copycat and this recipe has been
requested more times than I can count
and I understand why since being
gluten-free means you just can't run to
KFC and pick up the real thing but today
I'm going to show you just how easy this
is to make it home now of course no one
actually has KFC secret recipe nor do we
have their patented pressure fryer in
our home kitchens but after quite a few
experiments with both the recipe and
frying technique we've got a fried
chicken here that tastes amazingly like
KFC okay now in a bowl large enough to
house a whole cut-up chicken add two
cups of buttermilk and if you don't have
buttermilk in the house you can make it
yourself by adding a tablespoon of
vinegar or lemon juice per each cup of
milk add one egg a tablespoon of salt
and about two tablespoons of hot sauce
and don't worry contrary to how this
looks this amount of hot sauce won't
make it hot and spicy now whisk it all
together and once it's combined add the
chicken and I've got one chicken that
was cut into eight pieces but the breast
pieces were so large that I cut each of
them in half so they cook at about the
same rate as the other pieces now let
the chicken soak in the buttermilk brine
refrigerated for four to six hours or
even overnight then to dredge the
chicken we'll need to make a seasoned
flour and for that in a large baking
dish
add 2 cups of gluten-free flour and
today I use this rice flour blend but
I'll put a link to my flour blend in the
description box add one cup of corn
starch and whisk them together now for
the spices I'm adding 2 tablespoons of
salt 1 tablespoon of paprika 1/2
teaspoon of cayenne pepper and a
teaspoon each of onion garlic and chili
powders ground sage and coriander old
bay and black pepper now stir the spices
into the flour mixture until
everything's pretty well distributed and
we can start dredging the pieces and to
do that let the excess buttermilk drip
from each piece of chicken then toss it
around in the seasoned flour to get it
well coated on all sides and place it on
a wire rack now for the wings you'll
want to tuck back the wing tips before
dredging just like they do at KFC and
when you have all the pieces code at
once we'll coat them all again just dip
each piece back into the buttermilk and
into the flour again and once they've
all been coded twice leave them
undisturbed on the wire rack for about
an hour so everything adheres really
well and the chicken comes fully down to
room temperature now to fry the chicken
in a 12-inch cast-iron skillet heat 3/4
of an inch of vegetable oil to 350
degrees and I like to use a thermometer
when I do Fried Chicken versus some
other fried stuff because the chicken is
going to be in there for a while so if
the oil is too hot the chicken can
easily get too dark before it's properly
cooked and I like to start frying at
about 350 degrees then try to maintain a
temperature of about 320 degrees for the
rest of the cooking time and you'll want
to have a clean wire rack ready and
waiting to drain the chicken
now add the chicken in batches of four
to five pieces at a time and turn the
pieces every three or four minutes to
keep them from getting too dark before
they're fully cooked now the wings are
going to take about 10 to 12 minutes and
the other pieces will take about 15 to
20 minutes depending on their size and
once you have a deep golden skin and an
internal temperature of 165 degrees the
chicken is done drain the pieces on a
wire rack so the air can circulate and
the skin will stay nice and crispy and
this fried chicken is ready to devour
and when you taste this and see how
close to the kernels original recipe
this really is you'll never have KFC
envy again I mean just listen to how
crispy it is this is some of the most
amazing fried chicken you'll ever eat
and if you'd like to print a copy of
today's easy fried chicken recipe you
could always visit my blog at the link
below and for brand new recipes every
week don't forget to subscribe see you
again soon